Google ClientLogin
------------------

This is a ruby library developed to support the google ClientLogin api.
licensed under the MIT-license.

Usage 
-----

There is only one class, `ClientLogin`. Here is for example how you would create
a ClientLogin for the google calendar service.
    
    login = GoogleLogin::ClientLogin.new :service => :cl, 
                                         :source => 'companyName-applicationName-versionID'
                                         :accountType => 'GOOGLE'
                                         

These are the only 3 paramaters that can be given. `:accountType` defaults 
to 'HOSTED\_OR\_GOOGLE'.

So now you can authenticate a user for the service.

    login.authenticate 'willemstoon@gmail.com', password

when this didn't raise any error, login has succeeded. You can find the values of
AUTH, SID and LSID via the `auth`, `sid` and `lsid` methods. Quite logical indeed.

Now sometimes it can happen that google wants you to fill in a captcha.
when this happens the `authenticate` method will raise an error (`CaptchaRequired`).
The url to the captcha is accesible via the `captcha_url` method.
for example:
    
    login.captcha_url
    => http://www.google.com/accounts/Captcha?ctoken=HiteT4b0Bk5Xg18_AcVoP6-yFkHPibe7O9EqxeiI7lUSN

Once the user has looked and told you the captcha you can login using:

    login.authenticate 'willemstoon@gmail.com', password, captcha_response

There is a nice convenient block construct: if you give a block to the `authenticate` method,
that block will be called with the captcha url. The return value from the block
should be the captcha answer. And it will try re-authenticate automatically.

(c) Copyright 2010 Toon Willems.